Regression added to changelog (#3246)
GeotrekCE/Geotrek-admin: docs/changelog.rst

- Upgrade mapentity to 8.2.1

**/!\ Regression /!\**

> - System permissions on files output by a sync-rando process were inadvertently changed to more restricted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- System permissions on files output by a sync_rando and sync_mobile commands were inadvertently changed to more restricted
```

Author: updated
